Added terminate-startup-on-exception to openapi configuration client (#843)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-kubernetes: src/main/docs/guide/kubernetes-client-openapi/kubernetes-client-openapi-config-client.adoc

Note that on the resulting config maps, you can still further filter them with includes/excludes properties.

> In case if you want to terminate the service startup when the service is not able to read config maps because of any
> unexpected exception, you can enable `terminate-startup-on-exception` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default if an exception occurs reading config maps on startup no error is thrown. This can be overridden to terminate the service startup when the service is not able to read config maps because of any
unexpected exception, by enabling the `terminate-startup-on-exception` property in your application configuration:
```

Author: done

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: replace with `[configuration]` macro

Author: Went through all kubernetes doc files and modified everywhere

        - "app.kubernetes.io/instance"
----

> Similarly to ``ConfigMap``s, in case if you want to terminate the service startup when the service is not able to read secrets
> because of any unexpected exception, you can enable `terminate-startup-on-exception` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to ``ConfigMap``s, if you want to terminate the service startup when the service is not able to read secrets
because of any unexpected exception, you can set `terminate-startup-on-exception` property to `true` in application configuration:
```

Author: done

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: replace with `[configuration]` macro

Author: done
